Executive MBA - AUBG EN BG Albanian Russian Search for: Open Search Donate Apply Now EXPLORE CLOSE Admissions Academics Accreditation Bachelor’s Degrees Executive MBA Summer Programs Exchange programs Faculty & Departments Academic Resources Admitted Students Info for Parents Student Life Commencement Panitza Library CIDC Compass AUBG Today Donate Alumni About Us Contact Us Students Faculty Staff Follow Us On: Expand your world. Shape its future Home / Academics / Executive MBA Executive MBA in Sofia Design your success with the AUBG Executive MBA Start your Application Open Courses Academic Calendar Facilities The Executive MBA at AUBG The first Executive MBA to be established in Bulgaria, the AUBG EMBA has successfully educated professionals in the region for more than 20 years. Upon graduation, you join a supportive alumni community of business leaders and global change-makers. Taught by world-renowned professors, the program will introduce you to both the latest academic theory and real-world business examples. The intensive 16-month EMBA will equip you with the skills and knowledge to thrive in a complex global business environment. Impressive Curriculum The Executive MBA program is a sixteen-month (four-term) degree program to help you refine your management style and prepare you for increasingly responsible positions. The program integrates the fundamentals of business with contemporary perspectives and tools. Students complete four academic courses each term, attend monthly leadership seminars and participate in a team business trip to a top global destination. Spring Summer Fall Winter Electives Business Trip Spring Spring Semester Courses Business and Society (3 credits) This course focuses on ethical challenges facing businesses and business managers. It covers the societal environment within which businesses function, the social, political and legal arrangements and power groups that condition interactions within and outside the marketplace. It addresses issues of corporate leadership and social responsibility, and how they relate to managers and citizens of the world. Essential Business Skills (3 credits) This course is designed to sharpen essential business and communication skills of students that will facilitate their successful performance in the EMBA program and will strengthen their professional profile. Using a combination of theoretical knowledge and practical learning experiences students will improve their public speaking and communication skills, their understanding of and ability to carry out research, and business communication skills. The course contains three modules 1 credit each: Business Communication (1 credit), Business Research Methods (1 credit), Public Speaking and Presentation Skills (1 credit). Key topics in this course will include: Principles of effective public speaking, techniques for public speech and presentation, effective presentation skills; Basic principles of business research: qualitative vs. quantitative techniques, research tools and their relevance to different research problems; research sources and referencing; Effective business communications, principles of effective expression and communication, ethics and protocol in business and professional communications. Managerial Economics (3 credits) This course addresses macroeconomic concepts such as the impact of fiscal and monetary policies and critical private sector factors on GDP, interest rates, unemployment, government budget deficits, balance of payments, and inflation. Students analyze issues such as microeconomic concepts relevant to managerial decision-making, how to analyze demand and supply using consumer demand theory and production theory, the nature and determinants of profit-maximizing production and pricing, and how game theory is suited to solving business problems. The course also deals with the economics of competition within individual industries. Financial Accounting (3 credits) The Financial Accounting course is designed to introduce users of accounts to the accounting system in all organizations, terminology, regulations, and interpretation of Limited company's Final accounts. The course also introduces the concept of governance and corporate social responsibility. This is achieved through a variety of teaching techniques, including short presentations, case studies, debates, group work, and relating the topics learned to real-life situations. https://www.aubg.edu/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Untitled-design-12.jpg Summer Summer Semester Courses (3 credits) Entrepreneurship (3 credits) Entrepreneurs require a foundation in several key areas in order to be successful. This course is focused on multiple topics including; how startups/new ventures are different than established businesses, the benefits/drawbacks of entrepreneurship, going from concept to new venture, avoiding common mistakes, strategic management (on the small scale), marketing for entrepreneurs, the role of culture in start-ups, pricing strategies, potential financing, and differences/impact of being in a transition CEE economy vs. an established entrepreneurial ecosystem. Managerial Accounting (3 credits) In this course executives learn how to interpret and evaluate management information. Subjects explored include the use of financial information for management decision-making, planning, and control. Case studies cover performance measurement, cost behavior and cost allocation, budget development, and variance analysis. A review of the different costing methodologies is done and practical examples illustrate how to use them for decision-making purposes, and for improving the bottom line of the company. Marketing Management (3 credits) This course covers the complete value creation cycle: from deciding which customers to compete for and which markets to target, to the design and implementation of a marketing program. It develops a solid grasp of marketing analysis including consumer, competitor and company, along with a systematic mastery of marketing tools. It also examines new product development, marketing resource allocation, competitive strategy, and domestic and export market strategies. To answer the latest trends in the area, students’ coursework is focused on the power of e-commerce and Internet marketing. Organizational Design and Management (3 credits) This course provides students with in-depth knowledge about the essence, functions, and styles of management. It also touches on organizational effectiveness by examining the role of executive leadership, information processing, organizational learning, cross-cultural differences, management innovation and organizational culture. Case studies and simulations provide an opportunity to develop recruiting skills, team building and negotiation skills within an organizational context. The course offers a global picture of organizational management, organizational structures, and organizational life cycles. https://www.aubg.edu/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Untitled-design-10.jpg Fall Fall Semester Courses Corporate Finance (3 credits) Valuation, capital structure, financial forecasting, corporate control and governance are explored here. The course helps to understand why so many entrepreneurial ventures in emerging economies fail to deliver on their initial promises. It covers the foundations of corporate finance, the role of the corporate finance function, and the elements needed for financial management, planning and decision-making in a business enterprise. Case studies illustrate the process of accessing external financing resources and of corporate acquisitions, privatization, and restructuring. Human Resources Management (3 credits) This course covers the policies, methods and techniques utilized in human resources management and human relations to ensure that the organization has the best human resources available and that these resources are deployed in the most efficient and effective ways to meet the organization's mission and to meet and/or exceed its goals. It focuses on both HRM Department and on functional managerial decision-making with regard to these activities: Recruitment & Selection; Compensation; Fringe Benefits; Retention; Incentive Plans; Labor Relations; Training & Development; and Performance. International Business (3 credits) How does a business grow from a local provider of goods and services into a regional and internationally successful venture? This course explores operating in, sourcing from, and selling into international markets, particularly within the EU, and also to North America. Topics include EU policies affecting business relations, currency transactions and exposure, tariffs and trade barriers, importing/exporting and related banking services, and financing, trade financing and supplier/customer credit. Social Entrepreneurship (3 credits) Social Entrepreneurship, at its core, means attempting to mobilize the resources of the community, business, and government to address socially important topics and problems. It is an effort to generate new ways of functioning as a society and as individuals, new business models, but also ways of improving the current models in order to reflect the society’s demands. As a discipline, it combines studying entrepreneurship, innovation, ethics, corporate social responsibility, and a long list of other subjects. By definition, then, Social Entrepreneurship is a subject that must be studied carefully, especially by current and future business leaders. It helps us become better executives and better citizen at the same time. It helps us refine our business vision and improve our business practices. More importantly, it helps us redefine our company’s and our own individual place and contribution in society. https://www.aubg.edu/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Untitled-design-11.jpg Winter Winter Semester Courses Business Strategy (3 credits) This capstone course deals with the overall management of the business enterprise and the need to identify and evaluate alternative paths to determine its direction, sustainability, and competitiveness. Topics include the identification and evaluation of strategies; assessing industry attractiveness; evaluating the firm’s capabilities, resources, and position; determining the optimal horizontal and vertical scope of the firm; entering into strategic alliances and joint ventures; and formulating and implementing strategy in multi-business organizations. Leadership (3 credits) This course is designed to enhance the leadership capacities of students. Using the latest theoretical frameworks and leadership models, the course takes students through a process of understanding their leadership style and how it may fit within organizations. Through a combination of theory and practice, this course will increase students’ ability to act, reflect and focus (refocus) on their actions as leaders. Key topics in this course will include: assessing leadership characteristics in a variety of professional and social environments, analyzing and reflecting on instances of leadership in everyday life, articulating and communicating a leadership vision that is goal-oriented, and synthesizing a personal blueprint or check-list for action (personal leadership plan). Operations Management (3 credits) In today’s customer-focused marketplace supply chain management has become the key to competitive advantage. Here corporate managers learn to understand the details of daily business operations, the principles of operations management that are useful in both the service and the manufacturing sectors, including design, planning and control of goods and services production, and delivery operations. The topics covered include logistics, supply chain management and the role that the Internet now plays, just-in-time and business process re-engineering, inventory control, material resource planning and forecasting, enterprise planning solutions and total quality management (ISO 9000). Social Entrepreneurship Project (1 credit) This course will be a continuation of the project work started during Semester 3 of the program as part of the Social Entrepreneurship course. Students will work on completing and executing the project designed and launched in the previous semester. The project will serve as senior thesis, which the students will present and defend in front of an academic committee. https://www.aubg.edu/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Untitled-design-9.jpg Electives Elective Courses (1 credit) EMBA students must complete two elective courses (or three if not attending the International Business Trip) as part of their program. These one-credit courses provide cutting-edge learning opportunities with top-tier professors and industry experts. Covering hot topics, these electives are designed to enhance students' knowledge and skills, ensuring they stay current in the ever-evolving business landscape. Read More Review the list of courses offered Electives are subject to change depending on faculty availability and student interest. The Graduate Programs team is continually developing new elective courses to adapt to the ever-evolving business landscape. Project Management Design Thinking & Innovation Coaching & Mentoring Product Management Service Design Win-Win Negotiations Digital Marketing Check the available courses https://www.aubg.edu/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Untitled-design-13.jpg Business Trip European Business Trip Experience real-world business at top European companies with our EMBA European Business Trip. Previous destinations have included the U.K., Austria, and the Czech Republic, where students visited industry giants like Roiters, Barkeys, Google, Skoda Global, the Czech National Bank, and Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty. Stay tuned for more information on destinations, companies, and trip costs. Read More https://www.aubg.edu/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Business-Trip.png Accreditation The AUBG Executive MBA Program is accredited both in the United States, by the New England Commission of Higher Education, and in Bulgaria, by the National Agency for Evaluation and Accreditation. More about accreditation Graduate Programs Academic Policies and Procedures EMBA Cohort 24 Academic Policies and Procedures EMBA Cohort 25 Academic Policies and Procedures Meet the Executive MBA Faculty Professors Professors Berisha, Marenglen (sabbatical) Email Degree MBA in Management (Concentration in Accounting), Keller Graduate School of Management, USA Courses Managerial Accounting, BUS 221a Managerial Accounting, BUS 221b Financial Accounting (Executive MBA) Managerial Accounting (Executive MBA) Research Interests Risk management Banking Accounting education Finance See More About This Professor Delchev, Nedyalko Email Degree Theatre Management, UK Courses Beginning Acting, THR 130a Introduction to Theater, THR 211a Applied Theater, THR 222a Public Speaking (Executive MBA) See More About This Professor Dikova, Desislava Ph.D. Degree University of Groningen Courses Business Strategy See More About This Professor Dimov, Dimo Ph.D. Courses Entrepreneurship See More About This Professor Erdinc, Didar Email Degree Ph.D., Economics, University of Southern California, U.S.A. Courses Econometrics, ECO 310a Time Series Econometrics, ECO 405a Senior Thesis I, ECO 491a Senior Thesis II, ECO 492a Managerial Economics (Executive MBA) Research Interests Credit markets Business cycles Monetary policy Asymmetric information Bulgarian banking Monetary policy in the Euro zone European Economic Integration and European Enlargement Econometrics Advanced Macroeconomics (micro foundations of macroeconomics) Economics of Reform and Transition See More About This Professor Jezycki, Michelle MA Courses Leadership See More About This Professor Koleva, Neli Ph.D. Degree Rice University Courses Social Entrepreneurship See More About This Professor McGuire, Stephen Ph.D., MBA Degree The George Washington University Courses Organisational Design and Management See More About This Professor 8 / 13 Load More The EMBA took my competence and experience to the next level I spent 11 years in Toyota. I did my EMBA while I was Brand Manager at Toyota and completing it actually aided my promotion at the company that same year, because my employer saw how the added EMBA knowledge has increased my value to the company. My EMBA also helped me get noticed and I started receiving impressive job offers like the one I accepted by BMW to become a Sales Director. Thanks to my EMBA, today I am responsible for a global team of marketing managers & specialists and a global marketing strategy in 55 countries on 4 continents. The mixture of the people in the team is quite diverse, they are from various ethnicities, walks of lives and have different personalities. The EMBA also provides you a solid foundation on how to manage such multicultural diversity. Read Entire Testimonial There are many benefits when it comes to studying in this EMBA program. There are many benefits when it comes to studying in this EMBA program. It improved my skills as an all-around manager and helped improve my approach to professional situations, critical thinking, people and resource management, etc. It improved my toolbox of quantitative and soft skills in business and management, and also broadened my knowledge as a manager and entrepreneur, especially in this global industry. In addition to having the opportunity for career advancement, one of the reasons many take up this program is to become more entrepreneurial - to acquire skills that will help build their own businesses. This aspect applies a lot to me as I have plans to build another business in the near future. Read Entire Testimonial The EMBA program has helped me understand the power and dynamics of teamwork,... The EMBA program has helped me understand the power and dynamics of teamwork, the ability to delegate responsibilities and finally – the importance of promoting and presenting your ideas in the best possible way. Read Entire Testimonial × Ailita Liteva (EMBA’11) Marketing Director at TESY Nelly Okafor (EMBA ’22) Acting Manager Operations at Whitepage International Concept Ltd. (WPIC) Lyubomir Boyanov (EMBA ’08) Have a Question? We are here to help you Contact us American University in Bulgaria Expand your world Copyright 2026. All rights reserved. AUBG Main Building 1 Georgi Izmirliev Sq., 2700 Blagoevgrad AUBG Skaptopara Campus 4 - 12 Svoboda Bachvarova St., 2700 Blagoevgrad +359 73 888 111 Elieff Center for Education and Culture 1 Universitetski Park St., 1700 Sofia Contact us Careers at AUBG Open Tenders Privacy Notices Web design by Digital Silk Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase Text Increase Text Decrease Text Decrease Text Grayscale Grayscale High Contrast High Contrast Negative Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Light Background Links Underline Links Underline Readable Font Readable Font Reset Reset