Tuition, Fees and Financial Support | AUBG EN BG Albanian Russian Search for: Open Search Donate Apply Now EXPLORE CLOSE Admissions Academics Accreditation Bachelor’s Degrees Executive MBA Summer Programs Exchange programs Faculty & Departments Academic Resources Admitted Students Info for Parents Student Life Commencement Panitza Library CIDC Compass AUBG Today Donate Alumni About Us Contact Us Students Faculty Staff Follow Us On: Expand your world. Shape its future Home / Admissions / Bachelor’s Admissions / Tuition, Fees & Support Cost and Financial Support Education is the best investment in your future – now within reach thanks to the extensive financial support programs. Scholarships Loans Cost comparison 92% of BA students receive scholarships €4,187 average tuition per semester €5.3M distributed for financial support annually Cost per Semester for the 2026/ 2027 Academic Year Tuition and fees Tuition before any financial support €6,900 Student activity fee €320 Meal plan deposit €200 Housing Housing €925 - €1,700 Skaptopara I&II double rooms in a suite €925 Skaptopara II double room €1,025 Skaptopara I&II single rooms €1,550 Skaptopara III double room €1,150 Skaptopara III single room (shared bathroom) €1,600 Skaptopara III single room €1,700 Other Health Insurance for International Students €45 Textbooks* €50 The stated tuition fee is for the 2026/2027 academic year per semester. Tuition for each academic year is set in January, and students may anticipate some increase over the eight semesters of study. For students receiving support, AUBG typically adjusts awards proportionally to match the tuition increase. *Costs for textbooks and meals (beyond the mandatory meal plan) are estimates and will vary for each student. Scholarships AUBG awards a variety of scholarships to new and current students! See all scholarships Student Loans Student loans can cover some of your university expenses. See which is the best option for you below. Forgivable Loans for Current BG Students Loans for Bulgarian and other EU Students Bridge Loans for New Bulgarian Students Loans for Non-EU Students Loans for U.S. Students More ways to finance There are more opportunities to finance your AUBG education. See some of them below. Summer Work Travel Program Student Assistants Summer Work Travel Program Summer Work Travel Program Many of our students participate in the Summer Work Travel Program (SWT) program during the summers. It is an opportunity to spend up to five months in the United States working, traveling, and exploring American culture. Through the SWT USA program, you can earn enough money to help cover all or part of your tuition, other university and living expenses, and reach financial independence. Multiple external agencies offer program support for students in Blagoevgrad. Read More https://www.aubg.edu/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/two-students-on-graduation-day.jpg Student Assistants Student Assistants Student Assistant positions on campus are part-time positions where you can work in one of the university offices, the library, or as a student tutor. Depending on the position, you can earn up to €1440 per academic year. As an AUBG student, you can also work as a Resident Assistant (RA). In this role, you’ll manage housing, organize workshops and parties, and ensure students are following the dorm rules. Housing expenses are fully waived as compensation for being an RA. Read More https://www.aubg.edu/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/two-students-on-graduation-day.jpg FAQs Is tuition per year or for all four years? Tuition is charged per semester. There are two semesters in each academic year for bachelor's degree programs . Are there scholarships for international students? Yes, a range of scholarships are available to help ease the financial burden of international students and make education more affordable. We review all applicants for AUBG-funded scholarship – merit-based ones covering up to 40% off tuition and full scholarships for distinguished students . Additionally, a variety of Donor-Funded Scholarships, both merit and need-based, are available thanks to the generosity of individuals, organizations, and foundations. Explore these options to find the best fit for you. What scholarships or aid are provided by the university to help students? AUBG offers a variety of university and donor-funded scholarships to both new and current students, including merit and need-based awards. 93% of undergraduate students receive financial support, with over €5.3 million distributed annually. To learn more about available scholarships, visit our AUBG Scholarships page. What is the tuition fee for international students at the American University in Bulgaria? The tuition fees are the same for all students, regardless of nationality. How do I apply for Donor-Funded Scholarships? Explore the available options and see which ones you are eligible for. Then, in your application form, select the scholarships you wish to apply for and upload the required documents. Can I work while studying at AUBG? All EU citizens can work freely in Bulgaria. International students can work in the country up to 20 hours/week on their student visas. All students can take part in the Student Assistant Program on campus where they can support professors or university departments part-time. Payment goes directly to their student accounts. Are there student loans available to study at AUBG? Yes, a variety of student loan opportunities are available to AUBG students, depending on their country of origin. See them here . How much does it cost to attend AUBG? For the 2026-2027 academic year, tuition is €6,900/semester, the student activity fee is €320/semester, and the meal plan is €200/semester. All fees are set annually and usually have slight increases each year. AUBG also offers extensive financial support, with 93% of students receiving scholarships and around €5.3 million distributed annually. For students receiving AUBG-funded scholarships, awards are typically adjusted proportionally to tuition increases. How much does accommodation cost? AUBG offers on-campus accommodation in three modern residence halls s, providing a safe and vibrant student community experience. Housing costs vary based on room type, ranging from €900 to €1,500 per semester. The residence halls are equipped with amenities such as study rooms, social spaces, communal kitchens, and laundry services. American University in Bulgaria Expand your world Copyright 2026. All rights reserved. AUBG Main Building 1 Georgi Izmirliev Sq., 2700 Blagoevgrad AUBG Skaptopara Campus 4 - 12 Svoboda Bachvarova St., 2700 Blagoevgrad +359 73 888 111 Elieff Center for Education and Culture 1 Universitetski Park St., 1700 Sofia Contact us Careers at AUBG Open Tenders Privacy Notices Web design by Digital Silk Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase Text Increase Text Decrease Text Decrease Text Grayscale Grayscale High Contrast High Contrast Negative Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Light Background Links Underline Links Underline Readable Font Readable Font Reset Reset