Apply Now - Admissions | AUBG EN BG Albanian Russian Search for: Open Search Donate Apply Now EXPLORE CLOSE Admissions Academics Accreditation Bachelor’s Degrees Executive MBA Summer Programs Exchange programs Faculty & Departments Academic Resources Admitted Students Info for Parents Student Life Commencement Panitza Library CIDC Compass AUBG Today Donate Alumni About Us Contact Us Students Faculty Staff Follow Us On: Expand your world. Shape its future Home / Admissions / Executive MBA / EMBA How to Apply Executive MBA Admissions Boost your career Early Deadline (5% discount from the tuition fee) June 30 Regular Deadline October 30 Program Begins January Tuition and Financing How to Apply Applicants are expected to have a minimum of three years of relevant professional experience, strong academic credentials, and evidence of leadership in their professional lives. Application Package Materials Online Application Form Two Essays (topics listed in the above form) Two professional recommendations Resume or professional CV A non-refundable application fee of 120 Euro. Pay here Business/Management Experience Applicants should have at least three of professional experience. Admission may be granted to candidates with less than three years of work experience who present superb academic credentials and truly outstanding evidence of leadership through professional and personal experiences. Undergraduate Degree Applicants are required to have obtained a minimum of a bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution of higher education. Students with undergraduate studies in business and related fields, as well as those with undergraduate studies in other fields, are encouraged to apply. Personal Qualifications All candidates need to provide evidence of motivation and the potential for organizational leadership. Pursuing the Executive MBA is a demanding experience. We look for evidence that participants will be reflective, mature and realistic, as well as highly motivated. Because of the program’s particular emphasis on working in groups with colleagues from diverse professional backgrounds, we seek candidates who will be active participants in the team work and contribute to the collaborative learning spirit of the Executive MBA program. Proof of English Proficiency Minimum requirements for proficiency in English apply to all applicants. The AUBG EMBA Admissions Committee may waive the requirement for English language proficiency tests for native speakers of English language or non-native speakers of English language who have completed a full-time Bachelor’s degree program in an accredited university with instruction in English within 5 years of the date of application to the AUBG EMBA program. English Proficiency Qualifications: iBT - Internet Based TOEFL | 80 PBT - Paper-Based TOEFL | 550 IELTS - International English Language Testing System | 6.5 CPE - Certificate of Proficiency in English | C CAE - Certificate of Advanced English | B ECPE - Examination for the Certificate of Proficiency in English | Pass PTE Academic - Pearson Test of English | 59 AP English Language & Composition or AP Literature & Composition | 4 DET - Duolingo English Test | 110 Professional Interview Upon acceptance of the application package, the Admissions Committee of the EMBA Program will schedule a professional interview with the candidate. During this interview, the candidates will be asked about their work experience, their expectations for the EMBA Program to contribute to their careers and the qualities and skills they will bring to the EMBA cohort. Start Your Application The AUBG EMBA program won me with its holistic approach to forming future leaders in a rapidly changing business environment. I perceive the program as a crucial next step to becoming an even better leader. Petar Torneff (EMBA '20), Director ATC Accenture Bulgaria Application steps Application package Submit a complete Executive MBA application package by the respective deadline. Application acknowledgment You will be notified by e-mail by the Executive MBA Admissions Office about the receipt of the application materials. Application review After all application materials are thoroughly reviewed by the Admissions Committee, pre-selected candidates will be invited for a required personal interview. Professional interview A personal interview with members of the Admissions Committee will be arranged for all selected applicants. Tests All applicants pre-selected after the professional interview will be required to take the TOEFL test no later than the beginning of September. Admissions decision All applicants will be informed of the final decision for admission with an official letter sent by e-mail and mail. Confirmation of acceptance Admitted applicants should confirm their participation in the program by signing a statement in the Letter of Acceptance within a week after they receive it. Events Calendar 18 June Leadership Talk: The History of Silicon Valley with Bret Waters 6:30 pm | Elieff Center for Education and Culture, Sofia Calendar American University in Bulgaria Expand your world Copyright 2026. All rights reserved. AUBG Main Building 1 Georgi Izmirliev Sq., 2700 Blagoevgrad AUBG Skaptopara Campus 4 - 12 Svoboda Bachvarova St., 2700 Blagoevgrad +359 73 888 111 Elieff Center for Education and Culture 1 Universitetski Park St., 1700 Sofia Contact us Careers at AUBG Open Tenders Privacy Notices Web design by Digital Silk Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase Text Increase Text Decrease Text Decrease Text Grayscale Grayscale High Contrast High Contrast Negative Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Light Background Links Underline Links Underline Readable Font Readable Font Reset Reset