Scholarships, Tuition fees and Funding - vum.bg You have questions? admissions@vum.bg Apply online About Us About VUM Rankings and Accreditation VUM Academics Research Projects Pro Extour LOC Food INTERSMARTS CulSus BIOSUSTAIN Alumni Partners Partner Universities Business Supports Talents Admission Apply to VUM Campus Varna/ Campus Dobrich Marketing and Administrative Centre Sofia Admission Requirements For Bachelor’s Degree Programmes For Master’s Degree Programmes EU and EEA Applicant’s Guide 2025-2026 Non-EU Applicant’s Guide 2025-2026 Scholarships, Tuition fees and Funding Transfer Recruitment Representatives Study programmes Bachelor’s Degrees Master’s Degrees PhD Programmes Academy for Continuous and Vocational Training Vocational Training Centre Institute of Modern Education Culinary Arts Institute Students Student Affairs Office Semester schedule Varna Schedule Dobrich Schedule Online Campus Career Center Library Information Center Erasmus+ Student Welfare Accommodation Frequently Asked Questions Erasmus+ ECHE Erasmus Policy Statement Mobility Projects FRIENDS Project QUARTZ Project EMPOWER Project BEEHIVE Project HARMONY Project ENACT Project SMART project COOPERA Project NTG Project CULINART Project BIC Project FENICE Project DIGILANGUAGE VET SOS IB Project DEMo4PPL Project SAFER Project CodeBLUE Project Contact Contact us Campuses Location News X Scholarships, Tuition fees and Funding Acquiring a university degree from an internationally renowned business school can pose financial challenges for highly ambitious, determined, and talented individuals aspiring to join the program. At Varna University of Management (VUM), we strongly believe in fostering motivation and the drive for personal growth. To address these concerns, we strive to maintain reasonable tuition fees. Moreover, we have established various avenues for financial assistance, including scholarships specifically designed for newly enrolled students, scholarships awarded for outstanding academic performance, as well as scholarships acknowledging achievements in extracurricular activities and sports. Tuition Fees per Semester Tuition Fee Bachelor’s Programme *with English language training 1500 € per semester for EU and EEA citizens 1950 € per semester for non EU and EEA citizens Tuition Fee Bachelor’s Programme in Culinary Arts *with English language training 1500 € per semester for EU and EEA citizens 2400 € per semester for non EU and EEA citizens Tuition Fee Bachelor’s Programme – distance learning *with English language training 1200 € per semester for EU and EEA citizens 1500 € per semester for non EU and EEA citizens Tuition Fee MBA Programme *For semesters 1, 2 and 3 1500 € per semester for EU and EEA citizens 2400 € per semester for non EU and EEA citizens Tuition Fee MBA Programme *For semester 4 (if applicable) 900 € Tuition Fee International Tourism Master’s Programme *For semesters 1 and 2 1500 € per semester for EU and EEA citizens 1950 € per semester for non EU and EEA citizens Tuition Fee International Tourism Master’s Programme *For semesters 3 (mandatory) and 4 (if applicable) 900 € per semester Tuition Fee International Tourism Master’s Programme – distance learning *For semesters 1 and 2 1200 € per semester for EU and EEA citizens 1500 € per semester for non EU and EEA citizens Tuition Fee International Tourism Master’s Programme – distance learning *For semesters 3 (mandatory) and 4 (if applicable) 720 € per semester Application Fee (non-refundable) 120 € for EU and EEA citizens 150 € for non EU and EEA citizens Documents translation fee Bachelor’s 200 € Master’s 250 € NACID Recognition procedure (required only for Bachelor’s applicants 100 € VUM Student Status fee *F ull-time programmes 100 € per semester for EU and EEA citizens 450 € per semester for non EU and EEA citizens VUM Student Status fee * Distance learning 50 € per semester for EU and EEA citizens 250 € per semester for non EU and EEA citizens Cardiff Metropolitan University BA programmes registration fee 475 € per semester (for the last two semesters) Cardiff Metropolitan University Master’s programmes registration fee 475 € per semester (for semesters 1, 2 and 3) Accommodation deposit fee (if applicable) 300 € Visa deposit fee (if applicable) 500 € Knives & Uniforms fee (only for Culinary Arts Institute students) 725 € Scholarships Scholarships for newly admitted students Newly enrolled students on a Bachelor’s degree program are eligible to apply for a scholarship for the first academic year of their education in English language programs. The applicants who are eligible for a scholarship up to €250 for the first academic year shall undergo a motivational interview at VUM and shall have successfully passed an English language exam at VUM with a score over 80%. The newly enrolled students can also apply for scholarships provided in collaboration with University’s partnering organizations amounting from €250 up to €1000 for the first academic year. The students applying for this type of scholarship should have acquired English language certificate (IELTS, TOEFL, PTE, CAE, SAT) or should have scored high at the state matriculation exam in English. Scholarships after the first academic year After the first academic year, all the students, who have successfully passed their exams during the examination sessions as per the approved exam schedule for the respective academic year by the start of the due academic year, are eligible for an Academic Performance Scholarship (merit-based). This scholarship is calculated based on the exam results from the previous two semesters. The students on the “Hospitality and Culinary Arts” and “Gastronomy and Culinary Arts” programs who have successfully passed their exams within the examination sessions as per the approved exam schedule for the respective academic year by the start of the due academic year are eligible for an Academic performance scholarship as of the third year of their studies. Scholarships for master’s students Every newly enrolled Master’s degree student is eligible to apply for a scholarship during the admission process. The applicants who are eligible for a scholarship up to €250 shall undergo a motivational interview at VUM and an shall have successfully passed an English language exam with a score over 85%. The newly enrolled students may apply for scholarships provided by the University’s partnering companies amounting from €250 up to €1000 for the whole period of education only if they present a valid English language certificate (IELTS, TOEFL, PTE, and CAE) and have submitted the full set of required documents for the particular Program. Students with a Bachelor’s Degree in English language from VUM continuing their education in a double-degree Master’s Program are eligible for a Scholarship amounting from €500 up to €1000. Scholarships and tuition fees regulations REFER A FRIEND OFFICIAL REGULATIONS 10% EARLY BIRD DISCOUNT OFFICIAL REGULATIONS “30 YEARS VUM” ANNIVERSARY CAMPAIGN OFFICIAL REGULATIONS Student Loans In compliance with Bulgarian laws, certain criteria must be met by students seeking to apply for a state-guaranteed loan. These requirements include: Pursuing a bachelor’s or master’s degree without having previously acquired an equivalent educational qualification. Being below the age of 35. Possessing nationality from the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA). The state-guaranteed loan offers several advantages as it enables students to finance their tuition fees and even meet their daily expenses. This loan option comes with a significantly low interest rate, which is legally capped at a maximum of 7 percent. No guarantees (guarantors, real estate or permanent income) are required for a student loan, as this is a government guaranteed loan. Interest is paid only on the amount actually spent, and not on the amount of the loan initially approved by the bank. A one-year grace period is given after the official graduation of the student, after which the amount due must be paid within 10 years in equal monthly installments. List of the banks that have concluded a standard contract for lending to students and doctoral students DSK Bank EAD First Investment Bank AD Bulgarian-American Credit Bank AD Raiffeisenbank (Bulgaria) EAD Allianz Bank Bulgaria AD Eurobank Bulgaria AD (Postbank) Investbank AD VUM bank accounts Holder: Varna Univertsity of Managment (VUM) Address of the holder : Varna, Oborishte 13a, Bulgaria Name of the bank : International Asset Bank AD BIC / SWIFT: IABG BGSF Bank account in EURO IBAN: BG23 IABG 7495 1400 4891 05 Bank account in BGN IBAN: BG57 IABG 7495 1000 4891 08 Reason : Payment of student fee / accommodation .. / student's name, ID card number, specialty, course / Amount: …… Info@vum.bg Facebook Twitter Linkedin Instagram Youtube About us About VUM Rankings and Accreditation Alumni Site Map Admission Scholarships, Tuition Fees and Funding Bachelor’s programmes Master’s programmes PhD Programmes Student's life Student Welfare Accommodation Student Mobility Contacts Contact us VUM Academics #HelloVUM Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent