EMBA Tuition and Financing - AUBG EN BG Albanian Russian Search for: Open Search Donate Apply Now EXPLORE CLOSE Admissions Academics Accreditation Bachelor’s Degrees Executive MBA Summer Programs Exchange programs Faculty & Departments Academic Resources Admitted Students Info for Parents Student Life Commencement Panitza Library CIDC Compass AUBG Today Donate Alumni About Us Contact Us Students Faculty Staff Follow Us On: Expand your world. Shape its future Home / Admissions / Executive MBA / EMBA Tuition and Financing Tuition and Financing There are a number of ways to finance your Executive MBA and invest in your career development. The tuition and fees below are valid for the EMBA cohort starting in January 2027. Invest in Your Education The most common sources of external financing that help Executive MBA program applicants achieve their educational goals include employer sponsorships, student/bank loans, savings, and scholarships. About 50 percent of Executive MBA students are recipients of employer sponsorships. The companies that sponsor Executive MBA students range from local branches of established multinational corporations to small entrepreneurial local firms. Tuition and Fees Tuition €19,100 Application fee €120 Enrolment confirmation deposit €200 Late payment fee €100 Graduation fee €70 Ways to finance your education Employer Sponsorships About 50 percent of EMBA students are recipients of employer sponsorships. The companies that sponsor EMBA students range from local branches of established multi-national corporations to small entrepreneurial local firms. Government Guaranteed Loans KBC Bank, DSK Bank, Allianz Bank Bulgaria, Postbank, First Investment Bank and Bulgarian American Credit Bank provide government-guaranteed loans with an interest rate up to 7% per year for Bulgarian and EU degree-seeking students up to the full amount of tuition at AUBG attendance. Important: Investbank and Bulgarian American Credit Bank are currently offering loans with an interest rate of 4.95 %. Applicants for government-guaranteed loans must contact the Student Loan Office via phone or e-mail to get a Loan Certificate, which needs to be presented to the chosen bank. Important Information Students must present loan certificates to the bank every semester, even if they are not going to need the loan tranche for a particular semester. First-semester students must pay their student bill by the respective deadline and they will be able to obtain a loan certificate after the semester has started. Contact the Student Loans Office Student Loans To help prospective students achieve their educational goals, AUBG has developed a loan program exclusively for EMBA applicants to finance their education. First Investment Bank offers student loans of up to €4,000. For more detailed information please contact the bank officers at (+359 73) 827 716. Unicredit Bulbank offers to all Bulgarian EMBA AUBG students a student loan up to 50,000 leva per the whole period of attendance. More information is also available at the bank’s website www.unicreditbulbank.bg Personal Savings Investing your money in the Executive MBA programs is among the best options for personal and professional development. Surveys by the Financial Times, Business Week, and Forbes show that MBA graduates increase their salary over the next three to five years. Advanced study has a good return on investment. Tuition and Fees Explained Application Fee The application fee for the EMBA program is €120 and is non-refundable. Tuition Fee The tuition fee for the EMBA program is €19,100 and covers tuition, study materials, participation in Leadership seminars and networking events, International Business Trip and access to the AUBG Panitza Library – electronic and traditional. The total amount can be paid in 4 equal installments of 4,775 Euro. Payment Deadlines Fees must be paid on schedule prior to the beginning of each semester. Late Payment Fee Students who pay their semester tuition fee after the relevant deadline are subject to a late payment fee of €100. Graduation Fee The graduation fee must be paid prior to participation in the commencement and prior to the release of the final transcript and/or diploma. This fee is based on the costs of the graduation ceremony and is currently €70. Refund Policy If an EMBA student withdraws or takes a leave of absence from the University during the semester, the student remains responsible for tuition according to the following schedule: The first week of classes, billed for 40% of the net tuition, prorated for the term After the first week of classes, students are billed for 100% of net tuition, for the term. Discount Policy Individual Discounts: 5% discount for individuals who apply by the Early Application Deadline June 30 5% discount for individuals enrolled or enrolling in the program who “brings” another person to enroll, who also gets 5% discount for the whole length of the EMBA program . They do not have to be in same cohort. (This would only overlap one term maximum); 5% discount for individual enrolled who pays the whole tuition in total at the beginning of the program. Up to 20% for international students from Western Balkans Corporate Discounts (for enrollees in same cohort): 8% discount if 3-5 enrollees from one company (regardless of payment source) 13% discount for over five enrollees from one company (regardless of payment source) No more than one discount can be applied to any particular student for the enrollment period. Please note that discounts cannot be combined. How to pay? AUBG offers various ways for payments. See payment options Have a question? We are here to assist you. Contact us American University in Bulgaria Expand your world Copyright 2026. All rights reserved. AUBG Main Building 1 Georgi Izmirliev Sq., 2700 Blagoevgrad AUBG Skaptopara Campus 4 - 12 Svoboda Bachvarova St., 2700 Blagoevgrad +359 73 888 111 Elieff Center for Education and Culture 1 Universitetski Park St., 1700 Sofia Contact us Careers at AUBG Open Tenders Privacy Notices Web design by Digital Silk Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase Text Increase Text Decrease Text Decrease Text Grayscale Grayscale High Contrast High Contrast Negative Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Light Background Links Underline Links Underline Readable Font Readable Font Reset Reset